28841 font synthesis position (#29108)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/font-synthesis/index.md

>   - : Indicates that the missing italic typeface may be synthesized by the browser if needed.

Reviewer: Also should be applied to item above ^^^. Why? Because I presume this might be applied to a font that does have the italic typeface in some circumstances, where it will do nothing.

```suggestion
  - : Indicates that a missing italic typeface may be synthesized by the browser if needed.
```

- `small-caps`

>   - : Indicates that the missing small-caps typeface may be synthesized by the browser if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Indicates that the small-caps typeface may be synthesized by the browser if needed.
```

- `position`

>   - : Indicates that the missing subscript and superscript typeface may be synthesized by the browser, while using {{cssxref("font-variant-position")}}, if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Indicates that the subscript and superscript typeface may be synthesized by the browser, if needed, when using {{cssxref("font-variant-position")}}.
```
